meet the fast-track JCB's unique tractor
able to travel at nearly 40 miles per
hour
JCB design this one-of-a-kind machine
with an eye on increased productivity
speed of operation driver comfort and
safety with suspension on both the front
and rear axle the fast-track is one
smooth operator at any speed and to
ensure safe stopping every fast-track is
fitted with air operated disc brakes on
all four wheels introducing the JCB
fast-track airport package your new
airport maintenance team eliminating the
need for multiple specialty machines one
JCB fast-track can do the job the rear
deck mounted boom mower reaches 21 feet
to provide a one-pass finish cut even
through thick underbrush mow ditches
ravines and berms with precise control
the high driving position gives the
operator excellent visibility any
foreign objects can be seen well before
they become a problem
with the PTO driven trailed mower
coupled with the fast-track suspension
system you can mow 21 feet in a single
pass at speeds of up to 15 miles per
hour that's up to three times faster
than a conventional tractor and perfect
for large areas this allows you to
quickly mow areas where machines pose
unnecessary risk to planes and people
sweep away potential for foreign object
damage with a front three point hitch
mounted broom fitted with a blade plow
or thrower the fast-track becomes an
effective snow removal device the
fast-track is also adept in other ground
care applications spraying fertilizer or
grass growing inhibitors on or off the
tarmac with today's tight budgets
Airport operators have a new creative
solution to their critical ground care
needs the JCB fast-track airport package
one Operator one machine many
applications
visit w-w-w
to care of all of your mowing needs and
keep your runways clean with one machine
the JCB fast track